Containers: Use remote private registry to pull images (#11476)
os-autoinst/os-autoinst-distri-opensuse: variables.md

QA_TESTSUITE | string | | Comma or semicolon separated a list of the automation cases' name, and these cases will be installed and triggered if you call "start_testrun" function from qa_run.pm
RAIDLEVEL | integer | | Define raid level to be configured. Possible values: 0,1,5,6,10.
REBOOT_TIMEOUT | integer | Set and handle reboot timeout available in YaST installer. 0 disables the timeout and needs explicit reboot confirmation.

> REGISTRY | string | Define a remote registry to pull container images from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
REGISTRY | string | Registry to pull third-party container images from (default: docker.io)
```

> REBOOT_TIMEOUT | integer | Set and handle reboot timeout available in YaST installer. 0 disables the timeout and needs explicit reboot confirmation.
> REGISTRY | string | Registry to pull third-party container images from (default: docker.io)

Reviewer: The new row is actually wrongly formatted, copied from the one above...

```suggestion
REBOOT_TIMEOUT | integer | 0 | Set and handle reboot timeout available in YaST installer. 0 disables the timeout and needs explicit reboot confirmation.
REGISTRY | string | docker.io | Registry to pull third-party container images from
```
